Web login timeout (#873)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/administration/pages/tshoot-logintimeout.adoc

[[troubleshooting-login-timeout]]
= Troubleshooting Login Timeouts

////
PUT THIS COMMENT AT THE TOP OF TROUBLESHOOTING SECTIONS

Troubleshooting format:

One sentence each:
Cause: What created the problem?
Consequence: What does the user see when this happens?
Fix: What can the user do to fix this problem?
Result: What happens after the user has completed the fix?

If more detailed instructions are required, put them in a "Resolving" procedure:
.Procedure: Resolving Widget Wobbles
. First step
. Another step
. Last step
////

> By default, the {productname} {webui} will require users to log in again after thirty minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the {productname} {webui} will require users to log in again after 30{nbsp}minutes.
```
